Adds some missing migration steps, and fixes a typo (#25)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/migration/v4-migration/index.adoc

Additionally, escaping strings is no longer needed.

> === `@exclude` removed

Reviewer: Can't we use the label deprecated for it?

```suggestion
=== `@exclude` label:[deprecated]
```

> The `@exclude` directive has been removed in favor of much more granular configuration directives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@exclude` directive has been removed in favor of a more granular configuration directives.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The new `@query`, `@mutation` and `@subscription` directives instead allow for fully granular configuration for each operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@query`, `@mutation` and `@subscription` directives instead allow for fully granular configuration for each operation.
```

As a direct migration, the following usages are equivalent:

* `@exclude` and `@query(read: false, aggregate: false) @mutation(operations: []) @subscription(events: [])`.
* `@exclude(operations: [READ])` and `@query(read: false, aggregate: false)`.
* `@exclude(operation: [CREATE, UPDATE, DELETE])` and `@mutation(operations: [])`.

> Whilst there is more verbosity, the directives are significantly more powerful and extensible as the library gains features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite the verbosity, the directives are significantly more powerful and extensible as the library gains features.
```

}
----

> === `@readonly` and `@writeonly` removed

Reviewer: Same here about the label

The `@readonly` and `@writeonly` directives have been removed in favor of more granular configuration directives.

> The new `@selectable` and `@settable` directives can be used to configure not only if fields are readable or writable, but also when they should be readable or writable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@selectable` and `@settable` directives can be used to configure not only if fields are readable or writable, but also when they should be readable or writable.
```
